chore(llc,core,ui): update pubspec and changelogs (#1010)
GetStream/stream-chat-flutter: packages/stream_chat/CHANGELOG.md

## 3.5.1

🐞 Fixed

> - Unread count specific to channel setting global unread count on a specific case.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit unclear. Not too sure what this fixes

Author: ```suggestion
- `channel.unreadCount` was being set as using global unread count on a very specific case.
```

> - The reconnection logic for the ws is now more robust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The reconnection logic for the WebSocket connection is now more robust.
```
